LEGAL NOTICES

This document supports the XNOR.AI® SDK. This document was last updated January
8, 2019.

# # #

COPYRIGHT AND TRADEMARK NOTICES

© Copyright 2019 XNOR.AI, INC. All rights reserved.

XNOR.AI and the XNOR.AI logo are registered or unregistered trademarks of
XNOR.AI, INC. in the United States and other jurisdictions. All other trademarks
are the property of their respective owners.

This copy of the XNOR.AI SDK is being made available for limited, non-commercial
purposes for developers authorized to download and use this SDK pursuant to and
in accordance with the XNOR.AI Evaluation SDK License Terms set forth below,
which includes, among other things, a right on the part of both you and XNOR.AI
to terminate the agreement embodied in the Evaluation SDK License Terms at any
time (see Section 8.2 below) and an agreement to arbitrate any dispute that
might arise between you and XNOR.AI (see Section 10.1 below).

# # #

XNOR.AI EVALUATION SDK LICENSE TERMS : FOR NON-COMMERCIAL PURPOSES

THIS DOCUMENT CONTAINS THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS THAT GOVERN YOUR ACCESS TO AND
USE OF THE XNOR.AI SDK FOR NON-COMMERCIAL PURPOSES RELATED TO EVALUATION OF THE
XNOR.AI SDK. THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, WHICH WE REFER TO AS THE "AGREEMENT,"
ARE AN AGREEMENT BETWEEN YOU AND XNOR.AI (OR, IF YOU ARE AUTHORIZED TO ACCESS
AND USE THE XNOR.AI SDK ON BEHALF OF AN ENTITY OF WHICH YOU ARE AN EMPLOYEE OR
OTHER TYPE OF AUTHORIZED AGENT, BETWEEN THAT ENTITY AND XNOR.AI). THE TERMS
"XNOR.AI," "WE," "US," AND "OUR" REFER TO XNOR.AI, INC., A DELAWARE CORPORATION.
YOU ARE REFERRED TO WITH THE TERMS "YOU" AND "YOUR." ALSO, EITHER US OR YOU MAY
BE REFERRED TO IN THIS AGREEMENT AS A "PARTY" AND, COLLECTIVELY, AS THE
"PARTIES."

READ THIS AGREEMENT CAREFULLY BEFORE ACCESSING OR USING THE XNOR.AI SDK OR ANY
OF ITS COMPONENTS. BY ACCESSING OR USING THE XNOR.AI SDK OR ANY OF ITS
COMPONENTS, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THIS AGREEMENT. IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT THESE
TERMS AND CONDITIONS, DO NOT ACCESS OR USE THE XNOR.AI SDK.

THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS DO NOT ALTER IN ANY WAY THE TERMS OR CONDITIONS OF
ANY OTHER AGREEMENT YOU MAY HAVE WITH US FOR PRODUCTS, SERVICES, SOFTWARE,
TOOLS, DOCUMENTATION, OR OTHERWISE. IF YOU ARE ACCESSING OR USING THE XNOR.AI
SDK ON BEHALF OF AN ENTITY OF WHICH YOU ARE AN EMPLOYEE OR OTHER TYPE OF AGENT,
YOU REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT YOU ARE AUTHORIZED TO ACCEPT THIS AGREEMENT ON
SUCH ENTITY'S BEHALF.

THE CAPITALIZED TERMS THAT WE USE IN THIS AGREEMENT ARE DEFINED IN SECTION 11
BELOW OR ELSEWHERE IN THIS AGREEMENT.

1. DESCRIPTION OF THE XNOR.AI SDK

1.1 The XNOR.AI SDK Comprises Several Components.

The XNOR.AI SDK comprises modules (in executable, binary format), certain data
(also in binary format), sample applications (in source code format and/or
executable, binary format), headers and other support files (in source code
format), scripts for building samples (also in source code format), and certain
documentation in plain text. These components, collectively, are referred to
herein as the XNOR.AI SDK, as more fully defined in Section 11.8 below. Modules,
including any data, sample applications, headers and other support files, or
documentation accompanying modules, which, together, make up components of the
XNOR.AI SDK, are sometimes referred to in this Agreement, separately, as
"Modules." However, all references in this Agreement to the XNOR.AI SDK include
Modules, as components of the XNOR.AI SDK.

1.2 You May Access Modules Separately.

From time to time, we may make certain Modules available to you separately from
the XNOR.AI SDK as a whole. For example, after accessing and using the XNOR.AI
SDK for the evaluation purposes described in this Agreement, you may wish to
access and use an additional Module made available by us separately. If, now or
in the future, you access one or more Modules separately from your access to the
XNOR.AI SDK as a whole, your access to and use of the Module is subject to the
terms, conditions, limitations, and restrictions set forth in this Agreement,
plus any additional terms, conditions, limitations, or restrictions set forth in
this Agreement that apply only to Modules.

2. YOUR PERMISSION TO USE THE XNOR.AI SDK

2.1 We Grant You a Limited License to Develop Software Applications for Purposes
of Evaluating the XNOR.AI SDK.

Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, we hereby grant
you a limited, non-exclusive license to access the XNOR.AI SDK on machines and
devices owned, leased, or otherwise controlled by you and internally use the
XNOR.AI SDK for the purpose of developing one or more Software Applications in
the manner described in the documentation that is contained in or that
accompanies the XNOR.AI SDK for the sole purpose of evaluating the XNOR.AI SDK
and its components. You may not access or use the XNOR.AI SDK or a reproduction
of the XNOR.AI SDK for any other purpose, and you will not knowingly allow any
person or entity that gains access to the XNOR.AI SDK through you to do anything
that is not permitted by this Agreement. You may not reproduce the XNOR.AI SDK
or any component of the XNOR.AI SDK except as otherwise expressly permitted by
this Agreement. You may not market, rent, distribute, publicly display, publish,
disclose, license, sublicense, transfer, assign, sell, or offer to sell the
XNOR.AI SDK or any of its components to others except as otherwise expressly
permitted by this Agreement. You may not modify the XNOR.AI SDK or any of its
components, including any source code associated with the XNOR.AI SDK, except as
otherwise expressly permitted by this Agreement, unless you have entered into a
separate agreement with us that expressly grants you permission to do so. For
the avoidance of doubt, the license granted to you in this Section 2.1 relates
solely to your use of the XNOR.AI SDK and, in no event, are you granted an
implied license to exercise rights with respect to any other intellectual
property owned, licensed, or otherwise controlled by us.

2.2 You are Free to Use Your Software Applications Internally for Purposes of
Evaluating the XNOR.AI SDK and Its Components.

In connection with the license to the XNOR.AI SDK that we grant to you in
Section 2.1 above, you are free to use the Software Application, or Software
Applications, that you develop using the XNOR.AI SDK internally for purposes of
evaluating the XNOR.AI SDK and its components; provided that you do not
distribute, commercialize, or otherwise make your Software Applications
available for use by others; provided, further, that you do not, directly or
indirectly, market, rent, distribute, publicly display, publish, disclose,
license, sublicense, transfer, sell, offer to sell, or furnish the XNOR.AI SDK
or its components to others, including in conjunction with or as part of your
Software Application, or Software Applications. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
we grant you permission to display your Software Applications on a limited
basis, in low volume, for demonstration purposes only, consistent with your goal
of evaluating the XNOR.AI SDK. If you wish to use the Software Application, or
Software Applications, that you develop using the XNOR.AI SDK in a manner that
is not permitted by this Agreement, prior to doing so, you will contact us at
sales@xnor.ai. At our discretion, we may agree to enter into additional terms
and conditions with you concerning your licensed use of the XNOR.AI SDK.
Additional terms and conditions, if any, will consist of a separate written
agreement between us and you (or a rider to this Agreement that, when executed
and delivered by us and you, is incorporated into the terms and conditions set
forth in this Agreement). Either way, the separate agreement (or rider) will
contain terms and conditions in addition to those set forth in this Agreement
that will apply to your licensed use of the XNOR.AI SDK in the manner that we
and you agree upon. The separate agreement (or rider) may include fees in
consideration for additional rights and fewer restrictions.

2.3 You May Modify and Compile Distributable Source Code, If Any, Included in
the XNOR.AI SDK.

To the extent that Distributable Source Code is provided to you as part of the
XNOR.AI SDK, we hereby grant you permission to use, modify, and compile the
Distributable Source Code for the purposes of developing Software Applications
pursuant to the license granted by us to you in Sections 2.1 and 2.2 above and
use the machine-readable object code that is created by compiling the
Distributable Source Code with your Software Application, or Software
Applications, in accordance with the license granted by us to you in Sections
2.1 and 2.2 above. Notwithstanding the foregoing, you will not modify any files
that are included in the XNOR.AI SDK.

2.4 End Users of Your Software Applications Cannot Be Allowed to Reverse
Engineer Your Software Applications.

In order to protect our proprietary rights in the XNOR.AI SDK, you must require
end users of your Software Applications, in the terms and conditions that apply
to their access to and use of your Software Applications, to expressly agree not
to Reverse Engineer your Software Applications, except to the extent that you
are expressly precluded by applicable law from imposing such restrictions.

2.5 You Are Not Allowed to Use the XNOR.AI SDK in a Manner that Makes It Subject
to an Open Source License Agreement.

Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, you may
not combine, distribute, or otherwise use the XNOR.AI SDK with any code or other
content that is licensed pursuant to a license agreement that, directly or
indirectly, requires that all or part of the XNOR.AI SDK be governed pursuant to
any terms or conditions other than those set forth in this Agreement
("Non-Allowable License"). By way of example only, code or content licensed
pursuant to the following license agreements is not allowed: (a) the GNU General
Public License (GPL); (b) the GNU Lesser General Public License (LGPL), unless
you are merely dynamically linking a shared library; or (c) the Creative Commons
Attribution-ShareAlike License. You may not license or sublicense the XNOR.AI
SDK pursuant to a Non-Allowable License, and any attempt, completed attempt, or
written agreement by you to do so will cause this Agreement to automatically and
immediately terminate, including immediate termination of the licenses and
permissions that we grant to you in Sections 2.1, 2.2 , and 2.3 above. For the
avoidance of doubt, none of the terms or conditions set forth in this Section
2.5 are meant to limit any rights or obligations you may have pursuant to one or
more open source license agreements pursuant to which we, now or in the future,
may make certain components of the XNOR.AI SDK, such as scripts, available for
use by developers. In the event, we will make it clear that such components are
licensed pursuant to an open source license and not this Agreement.

3. YOUR OBLIGATIONS WHEN YOU CHOOSE TO USE THE XNOR.AI SDK

3.1 You Are Responsible for Your and Your Authorized User's Use of the XNOR.AI
SDK.

You are responsible for all acts and omissions related, directly or indirectly,
to accessing, downloading, installing, and using the XNOR.AI SDK by you and, if
applicable, each of your Authorized Users. YOU WILL ENSURE THAT:

3.1.1 You have the right and authority to enter into this Agreement, either on
your own behalf or on behalf of an entity of whom you are an employee or other
type of authorized agent;

3.1.2 You are at least 18 years of age or the age of majority in the
jurisdiction in which you reside, whichever is greater;

3.1.3 You and, if applicable, your Authorized Users only use the XNOR.AI SDK in
accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement (including
the limitations and restrictions on distribution and commercial use of Software
Applications); all applicable laws and regulations; and the documentation
provided by us to you, if any, as part of and for use in conjunction with the
XNOR.AI SDK;

3.1.4 You and, if applicable, your Authorized Users use reasonable efforts to
secure and protect from inadvertent disclosure to others the contents of the
XNOR.AI SDK, including any associated documentation;

3.1.5 You and, if applicable, your Authorized Users do not incorporate the
XNOR.AI SDK into any other software development kit or integrated development
environment without the prior written consent of one of our authorized officers;

3.1.6 You and, if applicable, your Authorized Users do not work around any
technical limitations in any of the components comprised by the XNOR.AI SDK;

3.1.7 Neither your Software Applications nor any of the products, services, and
content made available through or as a part of your Software Applications
infringes any of our, our affiliates', our customers', or any other third
party's Intellectual Property Rights;

3.1.8 Each of your Software Applications and their intended uses, including any
and all products, services, and content made available through or as a part of
your Software Applications, comply with all applicable laws and regulations;

3.1.9 You and, if applicable, your Authorized Users do not knowingly, after
making such inquiries as a reasonable person in your or your Authorized Users'
position would undertake, develop or distribute Software Applications or make
any products, services, or content available through or as a part of your
Software Applications the use of which, in isolation or with any hardware,
software, systems, networks, services, content, or data, contain features or
functionality, accessible to end users or otherwise, that could be used for
inappropriate or improper purposes (including any and all criminal and tortious
activity) or otherwise have a detrimental effect on any person or entity; and

3.1.10 You take appropriate actions to ensure that your Authorized Users, if
any, comply with the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, which may
include entering into a written agreement with each of your Authorized Users
that contain terms and conditions designed to ensure that your obligations in
this Agreement and similar agreements are and will be met.

3.2 The XNOR.AI SDK is Subject to Certain Export and Import Restrictions.

You acknowledge that we are subject to regulation by agencies of the United
States, such as the U.S. Treasury Department and the U.S. Commerce Department,
which prohibit export or diversion of certain products and/or technology to
certain countries, persons, or entities. You understand that the XNOR.AI SDK may
include software or other materials that are subject to export, import, and/or
use controls by the U.S. government or other governments with authority over
jurisdictions from which the XNOR.AI SDK is being exported or to which the
XNOR.AI SDK is being imported. You agree that the XNOR.AI SDK will not be
exported, imported, used, transferred, or re-exported except in compliance with
such laws, regulations, and controls. More specifically, you agree that you will
not supply the XNOR.AI SDK or any of its components to any person or entity if
you know, or have reason to know, that such person intends to export or
re-export the XNOR.AI SDK or such components in violation of such laws,
regulations, or controls. Further, you agree not to download, export, or
re-export the XNOR.AI SDK or any of its component (a) into (or to a national or
resident of) any country to which the United States has embargoed goods; or (b)
to any person on the U.S. Treasury Department's list of Specially Designated
Nationals or the U.S. Commerce Department's Denied Person's List.
Notwithstanding any agreement with a third party or any provision of law,
regulation, or policy, if you are any agency of the government of the United
States, then your rights in respect of the XNOR.AI SDK will not exceed the
rights provided pursuant to this Agreement, unless you have entered into a
separate agreement with us, signed by one of our authorized officers, in which
we have granted you permission to do so.

3.3 You Will Give Us Credit in Your Software Applications and In Connection with
Other Promotional Activities for Use of the XNOR.AI SDK.

The XNOR.AI SDK may include instructions or requirements concerning proper
attribution to us in consideration for your use of it to develop Software
Applications. Unless we agree or instruct you otherwise, you will comply with
such instructions and requirements and agree that you will not remove or disable
any proprietary rights notices or features or functionality of the XNOR.AI SDK
that are intended to give attribution to us for the products and services that
we have developed. By way of example only, the XNOR.AI SDK may include
instructions for a flash screen that exhibits when your Software Application
launches, displaying our logo or a brief marketing statement. In addition, in
connection with your promotion of Software Applications (through activities such
as disseminating videos, publishing blogs, sending emails, public presentations,
or other similar promotional activities), you will ensure that your promotions
are accompanied by attribution to us and the XNOR.AI SDK in consideration for
your use of it to develop the Software Applications you are promoting.

4. USE OF THE XNOR.AI SDK IS NOT FREE IN ALL INSTANCES

4.1 We Do Not Charge a Fee for Use in Developing Software Applications Pursuant
to and in Accordance with this Agreement.

If you use the XNOR.AI SDK to develop one or more Software Applications pursuant
to the licenses and permissions granted by us to you in Sections 2.1, 2.2, and
2.3 above and adhere to the terms, conditions, limitations, and restrictions set
forth in this Agreement, we do not charge you a fee for your use of the XNOR.AI
SDK. However, the XNOR.AI SDK, though free for the purpose stated in this
Section 4.1, is not open source software of the kind that is free to repurpose
and redistribute without any limitations or restrictions, and you are still
subject to all of the terms, conditions, limitations, and restrictions set forth
in this Agreement.

4.2 We May Charge a Fee for Certain Uses of the XNOR.AI SDK; Additional Terms
and Conditions Will Apply.

If you wish to use the XNOR.AI SDK in a manner that is not permitted by this
Agreement, prior to using the XNOR.AI SDK for that purpose, you will contact us
at sales@xnor.ai. At our discretion, we may agree to enter into additional terms
and conditions with you concerning your licensed use of the XNOR.AI SDK.
Additional terms and conditions, if any, will consist of a separate written
agreement between us and you (or a rider to this Agreement that, when executed
and delivered by us and you, is incorporated into the terms and conditions set
forth in this Agreement). Either way, the separate agreement (or rider) will
contain terms and conditions in addition to those set forth in this Agreement
that will apply to your licensed use of the XNOR.AI SDK in the manner that we
and you agree upon. The separate agreement (or rider) may include fees in
consideration for additional rights and fewer restrictions.

4.3 You Will Cooperate with Us to Promote the XNOR.AI SDK and Software
Applications Developed by You.

You will cooperate with us by accepting any reasonable request from us to
support efforts promoting the use of the XNOR.AI SDK and Software Applications
that you develop using the XNOR.AI SDK, including the following: (a) requests by
us to participate in targeted press and analyst interviews highlighting the
benefits of using the XNOR.AI SDK; and (b) requests by us to participate in
customer case studies that we develop, including allowing us to demonstrate the
effectiveness, quality, and value of the XNOR.AI SDK by showcasing one or more
of the Software Applications that you develop in such studies or in marketing,
promotional, and demonstration materials that we publish, display, and
distribute. We will not undertake any of the activities described in this
Section 4.3 without your prior approval. However, if you give us your approval
pursuant to this Section 4.3, you hereby grant us a worldwide, perpetual,
irrevocable, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicenseable, royalty-free
license to reproduce and use your name and trademarks and logos, if any, in
connection with our production, use, publication, display, and distribution of
such case studies and other marketing, promotional, and demonstration materials.

4.4 If Any Sales or Other Use Taxes Apply, You Agree that You Are Responsible
for Them.

You acknowledge and agree that, as between us and you, you are solely
responsible for paying all applicable customs, duties, sales, use, value added,
or other taxes, federal, state, or otherwise, however designated, that are
levied or imposed by reason of the licenses granted and other transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, excluding only taxes based on our net income.

5. THERE ARE CONSEQUENCES FOR A BREACH OF YOUR OBLIGATIONS IN SECTIONS 2.1
THROUGH 3.3 ABOVE.

If you become aware of any circumstances that constitute an actual or threatened
breach of the terms, conditions, obligations, limitations, or restrictions set
forth in Sections 2.1 through 3.3 above, you will notify us promptly in writing
and immediately take all steps reasonably necessary to correct and remedy the
circumstances that constitute the actual or threatened breach. Failure to comply
with any of the terms, conditions, obligations, limitations, or restrictions set
forth in Sections 2.1 through 3.3 above, including your obligations set forth in
this Section 5, will constitute a material breach of this Agreement, and we will
have the right to immediately terminate this Agreement, with or without advance
notice, including termination of the licenses and permissions that we grant to
you in Sections 2.1, 2.2, and 2.3 above. Our right to terminate this Agreement
pursuant to this Section 5 is not our exclusive remedy. As set forth in Section
10.9 below, we may have additional rights and remedies under the law, which we
are free to exercise.

6. WE RESERVE OUR RIGHTS TO THE XNOR.AI SDK AND OUR OTHER PRODUCTS AND SERVICES

6.1 We Reserve Our Intellectual Property and Other Proprietary Rights.

We reserve all rights to the XNOR.AI SDK not otherwise expressly granted in
Section 2 above. The XNOR.AI SDK, including each copy of the XNOR.AI SDK and all
components of the XNOR.AI SDK, including Modules, are licensed to you, not sold.
You acknowledge that your rights in and to XNOR.AI SDK are solely as set forth
in Sections 2.1, 2.2, and 2.3 above and do not include any implied licenses to
or any rights of ownership in the XNOR.AI SDK or any of its components. You
agree that we own all right, title, and interest, including any and all
Intellectual Property Rights, in and to the XNOR.AI SDK and any and all
authorized and unauthorized changes, corrections, or other modification made to
and derivative works of the XNOR.AI SDK. You hereby irrevocably assign to us any
and all rights you are deemed to have in any such modifications and derivatives,
including any and all associated Intellectual Property Rights, and agree to
execute all documents necessary to implement and effect this assignment.

6.2 You Know that You May Need to Seek and Obtain Other Licenses.

You understand that this Agreement only grants a license to the XNOR.AI SDK,
itself, for non-commercial purposes and that you may need to seek and obtain
licenses or other forms of permission from us or others in order to use,
reproduce, publish, display, license, sell, offer for sale, or distribute your
Software Applications in the manner that you intend. You agree that we have no
obligation to you with respect to providing notice of or acquiring such licenses
or permissions, and you understand that this Agreement does not transfer,
assign, or license to you any Intellectual Property Rights in or related to any
other products or services designed and developed by us, now or in the future,
that are not covered by this Agreement.

6.3 You Will Not Assert Patent Claims Against Us.

You will not assert, either during the term of this Agreement or after the
expiration of this Agreement, any patent claims in any jurisdiction against us,
our affiliates, or any of our respective licensees in which you allege that one
or more patents, directly or indirectly, are infringed based on: (a) any version
of the XNOR.AI SDK or any of its components; or (b) the interoperation of any
product, service, or technology offered by us, our affiliates, or any of our
respective licensees with the XNOR.AI SDK or any of its components.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, you will be relieved of this obligation where
your patent claims are being asserted defensively in response to a third-party
claim, and the third party asserting such claim does not withdraw that assertion
within 10 days after being notified of your obligations set forth in this
Section 6.3.

6.4 If You Choose to Provide Us with Feedback, We Own the Feedback You Provide.

You and, if applicable, your Authorized Users may provide us with feedback on
the XNOR.AI SDK, including feedback on bugs, faults, errors, and
non-conformities within or relating to the XNOR.AI SDK and suggestions for
improvements to the XNOR.AI SDK, one or more of its components, or one or more
of our other products or services (collectively, "Feedback"). You hereby agree
that we will own any and all Feedback, with no obligation to pay any amounts to
you or others, including all modifications to the XNOR.AI SDK, each of the
components of the XNOR.AI SDK, and each of our other products and services that
are developed or identified in the course or as a result of your use of the
XNOR.AI SDK, including all associated Intellectual Property Rights (collectively
"Improvements"). To the extent that you are deemed to have any ownership rights
in and to any Improvements, you hereby assign to us all of your right, title,
and interest in and to such Improvements, including all associated Intellectual
Property Rights. Further, you will not knowingly provide us with any
Improvements that are subject to third-party Intellectual Property Rights, and
you hereby agree to cooperate fully and to ensure that your Authorized Users
cooperate fully with us with respect to executing and delivering any further
instruments and doing any other acts that we reasonably request in order to
ensure that we own any and all Improvements and to enable us to register and
otherwise protect any and all Intellectual Property Rights associated with
Improvements.

7. OUR WARRANTIES AND OUR LIABILITY ARE EXPRESSLY LIMITED

7.1 Our Warranties are Expressly Limited.

THE XNOR.AI SDK IS PROVIDED BY US TO YOU "AS IS," AND WE MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS
OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR
OTHERWISE, IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY PRODUCTS OR SERVICES
PROVIDED PURSUANT TO THIS AGREEMENT. BECAUSE THE XNOR.AI SDK IS PROVIDED AS-IS,
WE MAY NOT PROVIDE YOU WITH ANY TECHNICAL SUPPORT IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE OF
IT. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, WE SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIM ANY WARRANTY THAT
THE XNOR.AI SDK WILL BE ERROR FREE OR THAT ALL ERRORS IN THE XNOR.AI SDK WILL BE
CORRECTED. WE ALSO SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIM THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, ACCURACY, QUALITY, TIMELINESS, TRUTHFULNESS, COMPLETENESS,
RELIABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE (EVEN IF WE ARE ADVISED OF THE
PURPOSE), TITLE, AND NONINFRINGEMENT AND THOSE IMPLIED WARRANTIES, IF ANY,
ARISING FROM A COURSE OF DEALING OR USAGE OF TRADE. ALL SUCH WARRANTIES ARE
HEREBY EXCLUDED TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW. NO ADVICE OR
INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED FROM US OR ELSEWHERE WILL CREATE
ANY WARRANTY NOT EXPRESSLY STATED IN THIS AGREEMENT. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT
ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN WARRANTIES IN CERTAIN CIRCUMSTANCES. ACCORDINGLY,
SOME OF THE LIMITATIONS SET FORTH IN THIS SECTION 7.1 MAY NOT APPLY.

7.2 Our Liability is Expressly Limited.

IN NO EVENT WILL WE BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT
OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY PRODUCTS OR SERVICES PROVIDED BY US TO
YOU PURSUANT TO THIS AGREEMENT OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE TRANSACTIONS
CONTEMPLATED BY THIS AGREEMENT IN EXCESS OF ONE HUNDRED U.S. DOLLARS, REGARDLESS
OF WHETHER SUCH LIABILITY SOUNDS IN CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE, TORT, STRICT
LIABILITY, WARRANTY, OR OTHERWISE. FURTHER, IN NO EVENT WILL WE BE LIABLE FOR
(a) ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, ARISING OUT OF ANY PRODUCTS,
SERVICES, OR CONTENT MADE AVAILABLE THROUGH OR AS A PART OF YOUR SOFTWARE
APPLICATIONS OR (b) ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, OR
EXEMPLARY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER, WHETHER OR NOT SUCH DAMAGES COULD
REASONABLY BE FORESEEN AND EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
SUCH DAMAGES.

7.3 These Limitations of Liability Represent Independent Allocations of Risk and
Reflect that the XNOR.AI SDK is Made Available to You at No Cost or Almost No
Cost.

EACH PROVISION OF THIS AGREEMENT THAT PROVIDES FOR A LIMITATION OF LIABILITY,
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES, OR EXCLUSION OF DAMAGES IS TO ALLOCATE THE RISKS OF
THIS AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE PARTIES. THIS ALLOCATION IS REFLECTED IN THE PRICING
OFFERED BY US TO YOU AND IS AN ESSENTIAL ELEMENT OF THE BASIS OF THE BARGAIN
BETWEEN US AND YOU. EACH OF THESE PROVISIONS IS SEVERABLE AND INDEPENDENT OF ALL
OTHER PROVISIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT. THE LIMITATIONS IN THIS SECTION 7 WILL APPLY
NOTWITHSTANDING THE FAILURE OF ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY LIMITED REMEDY IN THIS
AGREEMENT.

8. THIS AGREEMENT MAY HAVE A LIMITED TERM AND MAY BE TERMINATED

8.1 This Agreement May Have a Limited Term.

This Agreement is effective upon your agreement to be bound by its terms and
conditions, as manifested by the conduct described in the second paragraph
above, and expires upon termination of this Agreement in accordance with the
provisions set forth in Section 8.2 below or, in the case in which you have
entered into additional licensing terms and conditions in the form of a rider to
this Agreement (please refer to Sections 2.2 and 4.2 above), upon the expiration
or earlier termination of that rider. Upon termination of this Agreement for any
reason, the licenses and permissions that we grant to you in this Agreement will
immediately and automatically terminate, including the licenses and permissions
granted by us to you in Sections 2.1, 2.2, and 2.3 above, at which point you
will immediately stop accessing and/or using the XNOR.AI SDK, including all
copies and components of the XNOR.AI SDK, and promptly destroy all copies and
components of the XNOR.AI SDK in your possession or control, unless you have
permission to keep and use such copies and components pursuant to a separate
written agreement between us and you. If we ask, you will provide us with proof
that such copies and components were destroyed.

8.2 This Agreement May be Terminated or Suspended Under Certain Circumstances.

EITHER PARTY IS ALLOWED TO TERMINATE THIS AGREEMENT AT ANY TIME FOR ANY REASON
OR NO REASON BY SENDING THE OTHER PARTY WRITTEN NOTICE. For the avoidance of
doubt, we are allowed to terminate this Agreement immediately, without penalty
or liability of any kind, if you or one of your Authorized Users (a) fails to
comply with one or more of the terms, conditions, obligations, limitations, or
restrictions set forth in this Agreement, including those in Sections 2.1
through 3.3 above; (b) tortiously or unfairly interferes with our customers, our
business relations, or our operations; or (c) fails to comply with the terms and
conditions set forth in any other agreement between us and you (each, "Cause").
We are also permitted to terminate or suspend this Agreement if we determine, in
our reasonable judgment, that any applicable law, regulation, or ruling
prohibits us from providing the XNOR.AI SDK or any component of the XNOR.AI SDK
to you or one or more of your Authorized Users. If this Agreement is terminated
for Cause, you will immediately cease any and all use of any Software
Application, or Software Applications, that you developed using the XNOR.AI SDK.
Further, regardless of whether or not this Agreement is terminated for Cause or
otherwise, you agree to immediately cease any and all use of any Software
Application, or Software Applications, that do not comply with the terms and
conditions set forth in this Agreement or were developed by you or one or more
of your Authorized Users without complying with the terms and conditions set
forth in this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, we will not have any
liability to you or your Authorized Users as a result of our termination or
suspension of this Agreement in accordance with the terms and conditions set
forth in this Agreement or any termination or suspension of the license to use
the XNOR.AI SDK granted by us to you as long as such termination or suspension
complies with the terms of this Agreement. If this Agreement is terminated for
Cause, you will pay us all reasonable attorney fees, fees related to
collections, and related expenses, actually incurred by us in connection with
our enforcement of our rights.

8.3 Some Terms and Conditions Will Survive the Termination of this Agreement.

The terms, conditions, representations, warranties, limitations, restrictions,
and obligations contained in this Agreement that, by their sense and context,
are intended to survive the performance of this Agreement will survive the
completion of such performance and the termination of this Agreement. For the
avoidance of doubt, any and all payment obligations that accrue to us pursuant
to this Agreement prior to the effective date of its termination are intended to
survive. However, none of the licenses or permissions granted by us to you
pursuant to this Agreement, including those granted pursuant to Sections 2.1,
2.2, and 2.3 are intended to survive.

9. YOU WILL INDEMNIFY US FROM CERTAIN THIRD-PARTY CLAIMS THAT MIGHT BE ASSERTED
AGAINST US DUE TO YOUR ACTS OR OMISSIONS

You will indemnify, defend, and hold harmless us and our affiliates and each of
our respective officers, directors, employees, agents, representatives,
independent contractors, consultants, shareholders, licensors, vendors, and
suppliers from and against any liabilities, losses, damages, and expenses,
including court costs and reasonable attorney's fees, arising out of or in
connection with any third-party claim (each, a "Claim") that: (a) alleges the
infringement or misappropriation of any Intellectual Property Right by: (i) one
or more of your Software Applications or the use thereof, including the
combination of one or more of your Software Applications with any hardware,
software, systems, networks, services, content, or data; (ii) any product,
service, or content made available, or required to be made available, through or
as a part of one or more of your Software Applications; or (iii) your or your
Authorized Users' combination of the XNOR.AI SDK or any of its component with
any hardware, software, systems, networks, services, content, or data; (b)
alleges libel, slander, or defamation in connection with the use of one or more
of your Software Applications or any product, service, or content made available
through or as a part of one or more of your Software Applications; (c) alleges
injury, death, or property or other damage arising from or related to the use of
one or more of your Software Applications or any product, service, or content
made available through or as a part of one or more of your Software
Applications; (d) alleges facts that, if true, constitute a breach of your or
your Authorized User's obligations set forth in this Agreement or any other
agreement between us and you; or (e) alleges facts that, if true, would
constitute a violation of applicable law or regulation by you or one or more of
your Authorized Users in connection with the performance of this Agreement or
the development, sale, and/or distribution of one or more of your Software
Applications. Your obligations pursuant to this Section 9, with respect to each
Claim, are contingent upon: (x) us providing you with notice of the Claim; (y)
us providing reasonable cooperation, at your expense, in the defense and
settlement of the Claim; and (z) you having sole authority to defend or settle
the Claim; provided, that the failure to provide notice of the Claim will not
relieve you of your obligations pursuant to this Section 9 except to the extent
of any material prejudice directly resulting from our failure and you will not
settle any Claim in a manner that admits guilt on behalf of us or imposes any
restriction or obligation on us without obtaining the advance written consent of
one of our authorized officers.

10. ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS THAT APPLY TO OUR AGREEMENT WITH YOU

10.1 We Will Resolve Our Disputes, If Any, by Negotiation and, If Necessary,
Arbitration.

In the event of any dispute, claim, question, or disagreement arising from or
relating to this Agreement or the breach of this Agreement, the Parties will use
their best efforts to settle the dispute, claim, question, or disagreement. To
this end, the Parties will consult and negotiate with each other in good faith
and, recognizing their mutual interests, attempt to reach a just and equitable
resolution satisfactory to both Parties. If the Parties do not reach such a
resolution within a period of 60 days, then, upon notice by either Party to the
other, all such disputes, claims, questions, or disagreements will be finally
settled by arbitration administered by the American Arbitration Association in
accordance with the provisions of its Commercial Arbitration Rules, and judgment
on the award rendered by the arbitrators may be entered in any court having
jurisdiction thereof. Within 14 days after the commencement of arbitration, each
Party will select one person to act as arbitrator and the two arbitrators
selected by the parties will select a third arbitrator within 10 days after the
day on which the second of them is appointment. If the arbitrators selected by
the Parties are unable or fail to agree upon the third arbitrator, the third
arbitrator will be selected by the American Arbitration Association. The place
of the arbitration will be Seattle, Washington, U.S.A. The language of the
arbitration will be English. Either Party, if it wishes to do so, may apply to
the arbitrators seeking injunctive relief until the arbitration award is
rendered or the controversy is otherwise resolved. Either Party, without waiving
any remedy under this Agreement, also may seek from any court having
jurisdiction any interim or provisional relief that is necessary to protect the
rights or property of that Party, pending the establishment of the arbitral
tribunal (or pending the arbitral tribunal's determination of the merits of the
controversy). Except as may be required by law or as otherwise expressly
permitted by this Section 10.1, neither a Party nor an arbitrator may disclose
the existence, content, or results of any arbitration conducted pursuant to this
Section 10.1, including any determination made or award given, without the prior
written consent of both Parties.

10.2 The Parties May Seek Equitable Remedies from a Court of Law in Certain
Circumstances.

Notwithstanding Section 10.1 above, each Party acknowledges and agrees that, due
to the unique nature of Intellectual Property Rights, licenses to Intellectual
Property Rights, and trade secrets and other confidential information, there can
be no adequate remedy at law for any breach or threatened breach of a Party's
obligations related to such matters, that any such breach or threatened breach
may allow the defaulting Party or third parties to unfairly compete with the
non-defaulting Party resulting in irreparable harm to the non-defaulting Party,
that any such breach or threatened breach would cause irreparable harm to the
non-defaulting Party, and, therefore, that upon any such breach or threatened
breach, in addition to any other remedies at law or in equity that the
non-defaulting Party may have, the non-defaulting Party is entitled, without the
requirement of posting a bond or other security, to equitable relief, including
injunctive relief and specific performance. Each Party hereby irrevocably
consents to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the federal and state courts
located in King County, Washington, U.S.A., in connection with any action
seeking such conservatory or interim measures.

10.3 This Agreement is Governed by the Laws of the State of Washington, U.S.A.

This Agreement and all disputes, claims, or controversies arising out of or in
connection with this Agreement, including any question regarding its formation,
existence, validity, enforceability, performance, interpretation, breach, or
termination will be governed by and construed in accordance with the substantive
local laws of the State of Washington, U.S.A., without reference to its choice
of law rules and not including the provisions of the 1980 U.N. Convention on
Contracts for the International Sale of Goods.

10.4 Our Relationship with You and Your Relationship with Us is that of
Independent Contractors.

The relationship between us and you is that of independent contractors.
Consistent with each Party's status as an independent contractor, each Party
will retain the sole and exclusive right to supervise, control, or direct the
manner or means by which it performs its duties and exercises its rights under
this Agreement. Nothing in this Agreement is to be construed as creating an
agency, partnership, or joint venture relationship between the Parties. Neither
Party shall have any right or authority to assume or create any obligations or
to make any representations or warranties on behalf of the other Party, whether
express or implied, or to bind the other Party in any respect whatsoever.

10.5 Notices Will Be Provided in Writing to the Address that Each Party
Provides.

All notices and other communications required or permitted under this Agreement
will be in writing, addressed to the applicable Party at the street address
and/or email address provided by such Party to the other (which, in the case of
a business entity, may be provided to the other Party by publicly displaying the
address of such Party's principal corporate headquarters on the Internet or
elsewhere), and deemed effectively delivered only: (a) upon personal delivery,
(b) upon delivery by a courier service as confirmed by written delivery
confirmation, (c) upon delivery by facsimile as confirmed by transmission
receipt, (d) upon delivery by email provided that the subject of the email
includes "RESPONSE REQUIRED – LEGAL" and receives a non-automated response, or
(d) five days after deposit in the mail, postage prepaid.

10.6 You May Not Assign this Agreement without Our Consent.

You may not assign or transfer this Agreement, in whole or in part, without our
prior written consent. We may freely assign this Agreement. Any assignment in
violation of this provision will be null and void. Subject to the foregoing,
this Agreement will come to the benefit of the successors and permitted assigns
of the Parties.

10.7 These Terms and Conditions Comprise the Entire Agreement between Us and You
Concerning the XNOR.AI SDK.

These terms and conditions comprise the entire agreement between us and you with
respect to the subject matter of this Agreement and supersede all previous
communications, representations, understandings, and agreements, either oral or
written, between us and you with respect to the XNOR.AI SDK and any related
services. No terms, provisions, or conditions of any purchase order,
acknowledgement, or other business form that either Party may use in connection
with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement will have any effect on the
rights, duties, or obligations of the Parties under, or otherwise modify, this
Agreement, regardless of any failure of a receiving Party to object to these
terms, provisions, or conditions.

10.8 This Agreement Cannot be Amended or Its Provisions Waived Except Under
Limited Circumstances.

No term or provision of this Agreement will be considered waived by either
Party, and no breach excused by either Party, unless such waiver or consent is
in writing signed on behalf of the Party against whom the waiver is asserted. No
consent by either Party to, or waiver of, a breach by either Party, whether
express or implied, will constitute a consent to, waiver of, or excuse of any
other, different, or subsequent breach by either Party. Except as otherwise set
forth in Section 10.10 below, this Agreement may be amended or supplemented only
by a writing that refers explicitly to this Agreement and that is signed by both
Parties.

10.9 There Are a Few Additional Rules Governing the Interpretation of this
Agreement.

You acknowledge and represent that, in accepting this Agreement, you have had
the opportunity to seek advice as to your legal rights from legal counsel and
that you have read and understood all of the terms and provisions of this
Agreement. As such, no ambiguity will be construed against us based upon a claim
that we drafted the ambiguous language. Also, this Agreement is in the English
language, which language will be controlling, even if interpretations of this
Agreement in other languages are made. The headings appearing at the beginning
of sections contained in this Agreement have been inserted for convenience only
and will not be used to construe or interpret this Agreement. Whenever required
by context, a singular term will include the plural, the plural term will
include the singular, and the gender of any pronoun will include all genders.
References to us and you will include our respective successors and/or permitted
assignees. Any references to recitals, articles, sections, paragraphs,
schedules, exhibits, riders, addenda, and other attachments are to the recitals,
articles, sections, paragraphs, schedules, exhibits, riders, addenda, and other
attachments to this Agreement. A reference to days shall mean calendar days and
not business days or working days, unless otherwise stated in this Agreement.
References to "include" and "including" will not be given a restrictive meaning
and will be interpreted "without limitation." If any provision of this Agreement
is determined to be unenforceable, that provision will be limited or eliminated
to the minimum extent necessary for this Agreement to remain enforceable. The
rights and recourse to remedies set forth in this Agreement will not, under any
circumstances, be deemed to be exclusive. As such, each Party reserves to it all
rights and recourse to remedies afforded by applicable law.

10.10 Modification of this Agreement.

We reserve the right to change or modify the terms and conditions of this
Agreement, or any policy or guideline governing use of the XNOR.AI SDK, at any
time and in our sole discretion; provided, that, in the event of a modification
of the terms and conditions of this Agreement, we will notify you of the
modifications and allow you to review and accept the Agreement, as modified,
prior to continuing to use the XNOR.AI SDK. However, your continued use of the
XNOR.AI SDK, following notice of modifications to this Agreement, will
constitute your acceptance of this Agreement, as modified. If you do not agree
to any modifications of this Agreement, as they may occur, you will immediately
discontinue accessing and/or using the XNOR.AI SDK.

11. DEFINITIONS THAT APPLY TO OUR AGREEMENT WITH YOU

For purposes of this Agreement, the following terms will have the meanings
ascribed to them below.

11.1 "API" means an application programming interface.

11.2 "Authorized Users" means: (a) any persons who provide services to you as
full- or part-time employees; and (b) any persons who (i) provide services to
you as contingent workers (e.g., individuals who provide services to you as
independent contractors), (ii) are authorized by you to use the XNOR.AI SDK on
your behalf, and (iii) use the XNOR.AI SDK to develop one or more Software
Applications on your behalf.

11.3 "Distributable Source Code" means certain application templates, code
stubs, code snippets, example applications, sample code, and code fragments in
source code or compiled form that are either included as part of the XNOR.AI SDK
or that we otherwise make available to you pursuant to the licenses and
permissions that we grant to you in Sections 2.1 and 2.3 above.

11.4 "Intellectual Property Rights" means all rights in, to, or arising out of:
(a) any U.S., international, or foreign patent or any software therefore and any
and all reissues, divisions, continuations, renewals, extensions, and
continuations-in-part thereof; (b) inventions (whether patentable or not in any
country or other jurisdiction), invention disclosures, improvements, trade
secrets, proprietary information, know-how, technology, and technical data; (c)
copyrights, copyright registrations, mask works, mask works registrations,
software, moral rights, trademarks, and rights of personality, privacy, and
likeness, whether arising by operation of law, contract, license, or otherwise;
and (d) any other similar or equivalent proprietary rights anywhere in the
world.

11.5 "Reverse Engineer" includes any act of reverse engineering, translating,
disassembling, decompiling, decrypting, or deconstructing (including any aspect
of “dumping of RAM/ROM or persistent storage,” “cable or wireless link
sniffing,” or “black box” reverse engineering) data, software (including
interfaces, protocols, and any other data included in or used in conjunction
with programs that may or may not technically be considered software code),
service, or hardware or any method or process of obtaining or converting any
information, data, or software from one form into a human-readable form.

11.6 "Software Application" means a software application developed using the
XNOR.AI SDK, including Modules.

11.7 "SDK" means any programming package (including any APIs, modules, data,
sample applications, scripts for building sample applications, templates,
headers or other support files, libraries, interfaces, documentation, or other
programming tools or materials, whether tangible or intangible, in whatever form
or medium, including on-line tools) that enables the development of software
applications for any type of platform, framework, or system.

11.8 "XNOR.AI SDK" means the SDK that we make available to you pursuant to this
Agreement for purposes of developing one or more Software Applications, unless
such materials are made available to you pursuant to a separate agreement
between us and you. For purposes of this Agreement, the XNOR.AI SDK expressly
includes Updates, but, for the avoidance of doubt, it does not include other
products or services that we offer and that are not made available to you
pursuant to this Agreement.

11.9 "Updates" means bug fixes, updates, upgrades, enhancements, modifications,
and new releases or versions of the XNOR.AI SDK created by us and made available
by us to you pursuant to this Agreement.

12. If You Have Any Questions, Please Contact Us

If you have any questions about the terms, conditions, obligations, limitations,
or restrictions set forth in this Agreement, please do not hesitate to contact
us at sales@xnor.ai. If, prior to accessing or using the XNOR.AI SDK, you decide
that you do not agree to any of the terms, conditions, obligations, limitations,
or restrictions set forth in this Agreement, you have no right to use the
XNOR.AI SDK. In that case, do not attempt to access or use the XNOR.AI SDK by
any means, and if you have already done so, promptly delete the XNOR.AI SDK from
all machines or other devices owned, leased, or otherwise controlled by you.

# # #


NOTICES CONCERNING THIRD-PARTY CODE

The Xnor.ai Software may include portions of the Abseil general utility library
under the following license:

                                 Apache License
                           Version 2.0, January 2004
                        http://www.apache.org/licenses/

   TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE, REPRODUCTION, AND DISTRIBUTION

   1. Definitions.

      "License" shall mean the terms and conditions for use, reproduction,
      and distribution as defined by Sections 1 through 9 of this document.

      "Licensor" shall mean the copyright owner or entity authorized by
      the copyright owner that is granting the License.

      "Legal Entity" shall mean the union of the acting entity and all
      other entities that control, are controlled by, or are under common
      control with that entity. For the purposes of this definition,
      "control" means (i) the power, direct or indirect, to cause the
      direction or management of such entity, whether by contract or
      otherwise, or (ii) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the
      outstanding shares, or (iii) beneficial ownership of such entity.

      "You" (or "Your") shall mean an individual or Legal Entity
      exercising permissions granted by this License.

      "Source" form shall mean the preferred form for making modifications,
      including but not limited to software source code, documentation
      source, and configuration files.

      "Object" form shall mean any form resulting from mechanical
      transformation or translation of a Source form, including but
      not limited to compiled object code, generated documentation,
      and conversions to other media types.

      "Work" shall mean the work of authorship, whether in Source or
      Object form, made available under the License, as indicated by a
      copyright notice that is included in or attached to the work
      (an example is provided in the Appendix below).

      "Derivative Works" shall mean any work, whether in Source or Object
      form, that is based on (or derived from) the Work and for which the
      editorial revisions, annotations, elaborations, or other modifications
      represent, as a whole, an original work of authorship. For the purposes
      of this License, Derivative Works shall not include works that remain
      separable from, or merely link (or bind by name) to the interfaces of,
      the Work and Derivative Works thereof.

      "Contribution" shall mean any work of authorship, including
      the original version of the Work and any modifications or additions
      to that Work or Derivative Works thereof, that is intentionally
      submitted to Licensor for inclusion in the Work by the copyright owner
      or by an individual or Legal Entity authorized to submit on behalf of
      the copyright owner. For the purposes of this definition, "submitted"
      means any form of electronic, verbal, or written communication sent
      to the Licensor or its representatives, including but not limited to
      communication on electronic mailing lists, source code control systems,
      and issue tracking systems that are managed by, or on behalf of, the
      Licensor for the purpose of discussing and improving the Work, but
      excluding communication that is conspicuously marked or otherwise
      designated in writing by the copyright owner as "Not a Contribution."

      "Contributor" shall mean Licensor and any individual or Legal Entity
      on behalf of whom a Contribution has been received by Licensor and
      subsequently incorporated within the Work.

   2. Grant of Copyright License. Subject to the terms and conditions of
      this License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual,
      worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable
      copyright license to reproduce, prepare Derivative Works of,
      publicly display, publicly perform, sublicense, and distribute the
      Work and such Derivative Works in Source or Object form.

   3. Grant of Patent License. Subject to the terms and conditions of
      this License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual,
      worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable
      (except as stated in this section) patent license to make, have made,
      use, offer to sell, sell, import, and otherwise transfer the Work,
      where such license applies only to those patent claims licensable
      by such Contributor that are necessarily infringed by their
      Contribution(s) alone or by combination of their Contribution(s)
      with the Work to which such Contribution(s) was submitted. If You
      institute patent litigation against any entity (including a
      cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging that the Work
      or a Contribution incorporated within the Work constitutes direct
      or contributory patent infringement, then any patent licenses
      granted to You under this License for that Work shall terminate
      as of the date such litigation is filed.

   4. Redistribution. You may reproduce and distribute copies of the
      Work or Derivative Works thereof in any medium, with or without
      modifications, and in Source or Object form, provided that You
      meet the following conditions:

      (a) You must give any other recipients of the Work or
          Derivative Works a copy of this License; and

      (b) You must cause any modified files to carry prominent notices
          stating that You changed the files; and

      (c) You must retain, in the Source form of any Derivative Works
          that You distribute, all copyright, patent, trademark, and
          attribution notices from the Source form of the Work,
          excluding those notices that do not pertain to any part of
          the Derivative Works; and

      (d) If the Work includes a "NOTICE" text file as part of its
          distribution, then any Derivative Works that You distribute must
          include a readable copy of the attribution notices contained
          within such NOTICE file, excluding those notices that do not
          pertain to any part of the Derivative Works, in at least one
          of the following places: within a NOTICE text file distributed
          as part of the Derivative Works; within the Source form or
          documentation, if provided along with the Derivative Works; or,
          within a display generated by the Derivative Works, if and
          wherever such third-party notices normally appear. The contents
          of the NOTICE file are for informational purposes only and
          do not modify the License. You may add Your own attribution
          notices within Derivative Works that You distribute, alongside
          or as an addendum to the NOTICE text from the Work, provided
          that such additional attribution notices cannot be construed
          as modifying the License.

      You may add Your own copyright statement to Your modifications and
      may provide additional or different license terms and conditions
      for use, reproduction, or distribution of Your modifications, or
      for any such Derivative Works as a whole, provided Your use,
      reproduction, and distribution of the Work otherwise complies with
      the conditions stated in this License.

   5. Submission of Contributions. Unless You explicitly state otherwise,
      any Contribution intentionally submitted for inclusion in the Work
      by You to the Licensor shall be under the terms and conditions of
      this License, without any additional terms or conditions.
      Notwithstanding the above, nothing herein shall supersede or modify
      the terms of any separate license agreement you may have executed
      with Licensor regarding such Contributions.

   6. Trademarks. This License does not grant permission to use the trade
      names, trademarks, service marks, or product names of the Licensor,
      except as required for reasonable and customary use in describing the
      origin of the Work and reproducing the content of the NOTICE file.

   7. Disclaimer of Warranty. Unless required by applicable law or
      agreed to in writing, Licensor provides the Work (and each
      Contributor provides its Contributions) on an "AS IS" BASIS,
      WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or
      implied, including, without limitation, any warranties or conditions
      of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR A
      PARTICULAR PURPOSE. You are solely responsible for determining the
      appropriateness of using or redistributing the Work and assume any
      risks associated with Your exercise of permissions under this License.

   8. Limitation of Liability. In no event and under no legal theory,
      whether in tort (including negligence), contract, or otherwise,
      unless required by applicable law (such as deliberate and grossly
      negligent acts) or agreed to in writing, shall any Contributor be
      liable to You for damages, including any direct, indirect, special,
      incidental, or consequential damages of any character arising as a
      result of this License or out of the use or inability to use the
      Work (including but not limited to damages for loss of goodwill,
      work stoppage, computer failure or malfunction, or any and all
      other commercial damages or losses), even if such Contributor
      has been advised of the possibility of such damages.

   9. Accepting Warranty or Additional Liability. While redistributing
      the Work or Derivative Works thereof, You may choose to offer,
      and charge a fee for, acceptance of support, warranty, indemnity,
      or other liability obligations and/or rights consistent with this
      License. However, in accepting such obligations, You may act only
      on Your own behalf and on Your sole responsibility, not on behalf
      of any other Contributor, and only if You agree to indemnify,
      defend, and hold each Contributor harmless for any liability
      incurred by, or claims asserted against, such Contributor by reason
      of your accepting any such warranty or additional liability.

   END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS

   APPENDIX: How to apply the Apache License to your work.

      To apply the Apache License to your work, attach the following
      boilerplate notice, with the fields enclosed by brackets "[]"
      replaced with your own identifying information. (Don't include
      the brackets!)  The text should be enclosed in the appropriate
      comment syntax for the file format. We also recommend that a
      file or class name and description of purpose be included on the
      same "printed page" as the copyright notice for easier
      identification within third-party archives.

   Copyright [yyyy] [name of copyright owner]

   Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
   you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
   You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.


The Xnor.ai Software may include portions of the ARM Compute Library under the
following license:

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2017-2018 ARM Software

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

The Xnor.ai Software may include portions of the Botan cryptography library
under the following license:

Copyright (C) 1999-2018 The Botan Authors
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
   this list of conditions, and the following disclaimer.

2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
   notice, this list of conditions, and the following disclaimer in the
   documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS"
AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF
SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)
ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

The Xnor.ai Software may include portions of Python under the following
license:

PYTHON SOFTWARE FOUNDATION LICENSE VERSION 2
--------------------------------------------

1. This LICENSE AGREEMENT is between the Python Software Foundation
("PSF"), and the Individual or Organization ("Licensee") accessing and
otherwise using this software ("Python") in source or binary form and
its associated documentation.

2. Subject to the terms and conditions of this License Agreement, PSF hereby
grants Licensee a nonexclusive, royalty-free, world-wide license to reproduce,
analyze, test, perform and/or display publicly, prepare derivative works,
distribute, and otherwise use Python alone or in any derivative version,
provided, however, that PSF's License Agreement and PSF's notice of copyright,
i.e., "Copyright (c) 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010,
2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016 Python Software Foundation; All Rights
Reserved" are retained in Python alone or in any derivative version prepared by
Licensee.

3. In the event Licensee prepares a derivative work that is based on
or incorporates Python or any part thereof, and wants to make
the derivative work available to others as provided herein, then
Licensee hereby agrees to include in any such work a brief summary of
the changes made to Python.

4. PSF is making Python available to Licensee on an "AS IS"
basis.  PSF MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED.  BY WAY OF EXAMPLE, BUT NOT LIMITATION, PSF MAKES NO AND
DISCLAIMS ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS
FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR THAT THE USE OF PYTHON WILL NOT
INFRINGE ANY THIRD PARTY RIGHTS.

5. PSF SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO LICENSEE OR ANY OTHER USERS OF PYTHON
FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR LOSS AS
A RESULT OF MODIFYING, DISTRIBUTING, OR OTHERWISE USING PYTHON,
OR ANY DERIVATIVE THEREOF, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY THEREOF.

6. This License Agreement will automatically terminate upon a material
breach of its terms and conditions.

7. Nothing in this License Agreement shall be deemed to create any
relationship of agency, partnership, or joint venture between PSF and
Licensee.  This License Agreement does not grant permission to use PSF
trademarks or trade name in a trademark sense to endorse or promote
products or services of Licensee, or any third party.

8. By copying, installing or otherwise using Python, Licensee
agrees to be bound by the terms and conditions of this License
Agreement.

The Xnor.ai Software includes Python only as part of the implementation of the
"xnornet.so" module included within ".whl" files.  The Xnor.ai Software
may include portions of the Eigen linear algebra library.  Only portions of
Eigen under the following MPL2 or BSD licenses were used; all LGPL or otherwise
licensed files were unused.  The MPL2 license used for portions of Eigen
follows:

Mozilla Public License Version 2.0
==================================

1. Definitions
--------------

1.1. "Contributor"
    means each individual or legal entity that creates, contributes to
    the creation of, or owns Covered Software.

1.2. "Contributor Version"
    means the combination of the Contributions of others (if any) used
    by a Contributor and that particular Contributor's Contribution.

1.3. "Contribution"
    means Covered Software of a particular Contributor.

1.4. "Covered Software"
    means Source Code Form to which the initial Contributor has attached
    the notice in Exhibit A, the Executable Form of such Source Code
    Form, and Modifications of such Source Code Form, in each case
    including portions thereof.

1.5. "Incompatible With Secondary Licenses"
    means

    (a) that the initial Contributor has attached the notice described
        in Exhibit B to the Covered Software; or

    (b) that the Covered Software was made available under the terms of
        version 1.1 or earlier of the License, but not also under the
        terms of a Secondary License.

1.6. "Executable Form"
    means any form of the work other than Source Code Form.

1.7. "Larger Work"
    means a work that combines Covered Software with other material, in 
    a separate file or files, that is not Covered Software.

1.8. "License"
    means this document.

1.9. "Licensable"
    means having the right to grant, to the maximum extent possible,
    whether at the time of the initial grant or subsequently, any and
    all of the rights conveyed by this License.

1.10. "Modifications"
    means any of the following:

    (a) any file in Source Code Form that results from an addition to,
        deletion from, or modification of the contents of Covered
        Software; or

    (b) any new file in Source Code Form that contains any Covered
        Software.

1.11. "Patent Claims" of a Contributor
    means any patent claim(s), including without limitation, method,
    process, and apparatus claims, in any patent Licensable by such
    Contributor that would be infringed, but for the grant of the
    License, by the making, using, selling, offering for sale, having
    made, import, or transfer of either its Contributions or its
    Contributor Version.

1.12. "Secondary License"
    means either the GNU General Public License, Version 2.0, the GNU
    Lesser General Public License, Version 2.1, the GNU Affero General
    Public License, Version 3.0, or any later versions of those
    licenses.

1.13. "Source Code Form"
    means the form of the work preferred for making modifications.

1.14. "You" (or "Your")
    means an individual or a legal entity exercising rights under this
    License. For legal entities, "You" includes any entity that
    controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with You. For
    purposes of this definition, "control" means (a) the power, direct
    or indirect, to cause the direction or management of such entity,
    whether by contract or otherwise, or (b) ownership of more than
    fifty percent (50%) of the outstanding shares or beneficial
    ownership of such entity.

2. License Grants and Conditions
--------------------------------

2.1. Grants

Each Contributor hereby grants You a world-wide, royalty-free,
non-exclusive license:

(a) under intellectual property rights (other than patent or trademark)
    Licensable by such Contributor to use, reproduce, make available,
    modify, display, perform, distribute, and otherwise exploit its
    Contributions, either on an unmodified basis, with Modifications, or
    as part of a Larger Work; and

(b) under Patent Claims of such Contributor to make, use, sell, offer
    for sale, have made, import, and otherwise transfer either its
    Contributions or its Contributor Version.

2.2. Effective Date

The licenses granted in Section 2.1 with respect to any Contribution
become effective for each Contribution on the date the Contributor first
distributes such Contribution.

2.3. Limitations on Grant Scope

The licenses granted in this Section 2 are the only rights granted under
this License. No additional rights or licenses will be implied from the
distribution or licensing of Covered Software under this License.
Notwithstanding Section 2.1(b) above, no patent license is granted by a
Contributor:

(a) for any code that a Contributor has removed from Covered Software;
    or

(b) for infringements caused by: (i) Your and any other third party's
    modifications of Covered Software, or (ii) the combination of its
    Contributions with other software (except as part of its Contributor
    Version); or

(c) under Patent Claims infringed by Covered Software in the absence of
    its Contributions.

This License does not grant any rights in the trademarks, service marks,
or logos of any Contributor (except as may be necessary to comply with
the notice requirements in Section 3.4).

2.4. Subsequent Licenses

No Contributor makes additional grants as a result of Your choice to
distribute the Covered Software under a subsequent version of this
License (see Section 10.2) or under the terms of a Secondary License (if
permitted under the terms of Section 3.3).

2.5. Representation

Each Contributor represents that the Contributor believes its
Contributions are its original creation(s) or it has sufficient rights
to grant the rights to its Contributions conveyed by this License.

2.6. Fair Use

This License is not intended to limit any rights You have under
applicable copyright doctrines of fair use, fair dealing, or other
equivalents.

2.7. Conditions

Sections 3.1, 3.2, 3.3, and 3.4 are conditions of the licenses granted
in Section 2.1.

3. Responsibilities
-------------------

3.1. Distribution of Source Form

All distribution of Covered Software in Source Code Form, including any
Modifications that You create or to which You contribute, must be under
the terms of this License. You must inform recipients that the Source
Code Form of the Covered Software is governed by the terms of this
License, and how they can obtain a copy of this License. You may not
attempt to alter or restrict the recipients' rights in the Source Code
Form.

3.2. Distribution of Executable Form

If You distribute Covered Software in Executable Form then:

(a) such Covered Software must also be made available in Source Code
    Form, as described in Section 3.1, and You must inform recipients of
    the Executable Form how they can obtain a copy of such Source Code
    Form by reasonable means in a timely manner, at a charge no more
    than the cost of distribution to the recipient; and

(b) You may distribute such Executable Form under the terms of this
    License, or sublicense it under different terms, provided that the
    license for the Executable Form does not attempt to limit or alter
    the recipients' rights in the Source Code Form under this License.

3.3. Distribution of a Larger Work

You may create and distribute a Larger Work under terms of Your choice,
provided that You also comply with the requirements of this License for
the Covered Software. If the Larger Work is a combination of Covered
Software with a work governed by one or more Secondary Licenses, and the
Covered Software is not Incompatible With Secondary Licenses, this
License permits You to additionally distribute such Covered Software
under the terms of such Secondary License(s), so that the recipient of
the Larger Work may, at their option, further distribute the Covered
Software under the terms of either this License or such Secondary
License(s).

3.4. Notices

You may not remove or alter the substance of any license notices
(including copyright notices, patent notices, disclaimers of warranty,
or limitations of liability) contained within the Source Code Form of
the Covered Software, except that You may alter any license notices to
the extent required to remedy known factual inaccuracies.

3.5. Application of Additional Terms

You may choose to offer, and to charge a fee for, warranty, support,
indemnity or liability obligations to one or more recipients of Covered
Software. However, You may do so only on Your own behalf, and not on
behalf of any Contributor. You must make it absolutely clear that any
such warranty, support, indemnity, or liability obligation is offered by
You alone, and You hereby agree to indemnify every Contributor for any
liability incurred by such Contributor as a result of warranty, support,
indemnity or liability terms You offer. You may include additional
disclaimers of warranty and limitations of liability specific to any
jurisdiction.

4. Inability to Comply Due to Statute or Regulation
---------------------------------------------------

If it is impossible for You to comply with any of the terms of this
License with respect to some or all of the Covered Software due to
statute, judicial order, or regulation then You must: (a) comply with
the terms of this License to the maximum extent possible; and (b)
describe the limitations and the code they affect. Such description must
be placed in a text file included with all distributions of the Covered
Software under this License. Except to the extent prohibited by statute
or regulation, such description must be sufficiently detailed for a
recipient of ordinary skill to be able to understand it.

5. Termination
--------------

5.1. The rights granted under this License will terminate automatically
if You fail to comply with any of its terms. However, if You become
compliant, then the rights granted under this License from a particular
Contributor are reinstated (a) provisionally, unless and until such
Contributor explicitly and finally terminates Your grants, and (b) on an
ongoing basis, if such Contributor fails to notify You of the
non-compliance by some reasonable means prior to 60 days after You have
come back into compliance. Moreover, Your grants from a particular
Contributor are reinstated on an ongoing basis if such Contributor
notifies You of the non-compliance by some reasonable means, this is the
first time You have received notice of non-compliance with this License
from such Contributor, and You become compliant prior to 30 days after
Your receipt of the notice.

5.2. If You initiate litigation against any entity by asserting a patent
infringement claim (excluding declaratory judgment actions,
counter-claims, and cross-claims) alleging that a Contributor Version
directly or indirectly infringes any patent, then the rights granted to
You by any and all Contributors for the Covered Software under Section
2.1 of this License shall terminate.

5.3. In the event of termination under Sections 5.1 or 5.2 above, all
end user license agreements (excluding distributors and resellers) which
have been validly granted by You or Your distributors under this License
prior to termination shall survive termination.

************************************************************************
*                                                                      *
*  6. Disclaimer of Warranty                                           *
*  -------------------------                                           *
*                                                                      *
*  Covered Software is provided under this License on an "as is"       *
*  basis, without warranty of any kind, either expressed, implied, or  *
*  statutory, including, without limitation, warranties that the       *
*  Covered Software is free of defects, merchantable, fit for a        *
*  particular purpose or non-infringing. The entire risk as to the     *
*  quality and performance of the Covered Software is with You.        *
*  Should any Covered Software prove defective in any respect, You     *
*  (not any Contributor) assume the cost of any necessary servicing,   *
*  repair, or correction. This disclaimer of warranty constitutes an   *
*  essential part of this License. No use of any Covered Software is   *
*  authorized under this License except under this disclaimer.         *
*                                                                      *
************************************************************************

************************************************************************
*                                                                      *
*  7. Limitation of Liability                                          *
*  --------------------------                                          *
*                                                                      *
*  Under no circumstances and under no legal theory, whether tort      *
*  (including negligence), contract, or otherwise, shall any           *
*  Contributor, or anyone who distributes Covered Software as          *
*  permitted above, be liable to You for any direct, indirect,         *
*  special, incidental, or consequential damages of any character      *
*  including, without limitation, damages for lost profits, loss of    *
*  goodwill, work stoppage, computer failure or malfunction, or any    *
*  and all other commercial damages or losses, even if such party      *
*  shall have been informed of the possibility of such damages. This   *
*  limitation of liability shall not apply to liability for death or   *
*  personal injury resulting from such party's negligence to the       *
*  extent applicable law prohibits such limitation. Some               *
*  jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of           *
*  incidental or consequential damages, so this exclusion and          *
*  limitation may not apply to You.                                    *
*                                                                      *
************************************************************************

8. Litigation
-------------

Any litigation relating to this License may be brought only in the
courts of a jurisdiction where the defendant maintains its principal
place of business and such litigation shall be governed by laws of that
jurisdiction, without reference to its conflict-of-law provisions.
Nothing in this Section shall prevent a party's ability to bring
cross-claims or counter-claims.

9. Miscellaneous
----------------

This License represents the complete agreement concerning the subject
matter hereof. If any provision of this License is held to be
unenforceable, such provision shall be reformed only to the extent
necessary to make it enforceable. Any law or regulation which provides
that the language of a contract shall be construed against the drafter
shall not be used to construe this License against a Contributor.

10. Versions of the License
---------------------------

10.1. New Versions

Mozilla Foundation is the license steward. Except as provided in Section
10.3, no one other than the license steward has the right to modify or
publish new versions of this License. Each version will be given a
distinguishing version number.

10.2. Effect of New Versions

You may distribute the Covered Software under the terms of the version
of the License under which You originally received the Covered Software,
or under the terms of any subsequent version published by the license
steward.

10.3. Modified Versions

If you create software not governed by this License, and you want to
create a new license for such software, you may create and use a
modified version of this License if you rename the license and remove
any references to the name of the license steward (except to note that
such modified license differs from this License).

10.4. Distributing Source Code Form that is Incompatible With Secondary
Licenses

If You choose to distribute Source Code Form that is Incompatible With
Secondary Licenses under the terms of this version of the License, the
notice described in Exhibit B of this License must be attached.

Exhibit A - Source Code Form License Notice
-------------------------------------------

  This Source Code Form is subject to the terms of the Mozilla Public
  License, v. 2.0. If a copy of the MPL was not distributed with this
  file, You can obtain one at http://mozilla.org/MPL/2.0/.

If it is not possible or desirable to put the notice in a particular
file, then You may include the notice in a location (such as a LICENSE
file in a relevant directory) where a recipient would be likely to look
for such a notice.

You may add additional accurate notices of copyright ownership.

Exhibit B - "Incompatible With Secondary Licenses" Notice
---------------------------------------------------------

  This Source Code Form is "Incompatible With Secondary Licenses", as
  defined by the Mozilla Public License, v. 2.0.

The BSD license used for portions of Eigen is as follows:

/*
 Copyright (c) 2011, Intel Corporation. All rights reserved.

 Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification,
 are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

 * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this
   list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
 * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
   this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation
   and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
 * Neither the name of Intel Corporation nor the names of its contributors may
   be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
   specific prior written permission.

 THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND
 ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
 WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
 DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR
 ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
 (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
 LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
 ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
 (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
 SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
*/

The version of Eigen used in the Xnor.ai Software is based on version 3.3.4,
available at <http://bitbucket.org/eigen/eigen/get/3.3.4.tar.bz2>.  The version
of Eigen used in Xnor.ai Software includes an additional Modification for
memory usage tracking.  A "patch" file which can be used to transform the
pristine unmodified source code to the version of the source code with the
Xnor.ai Modifications follows:

diff -r 1dc5c0c8c023 -r 3bcd5f57ca48 Eigen/src/Core/util/Memory.h
--- a/Eigen/src/Core/util/Memory.h	Tue May 29 22:37:47 2018 +0200
+++ b/Eigen/src/Core/util/Memory.h	Fri Jun 22 15:27:11 2018 -0700
@@ -7,6 +7,7 @@
 // Copyright (C) 2010 Hauke Heibel <hauke.heibel@gmail.com>
 // Copyright (C) 2010 Thomas Capricelli <orzel@freehackers.org>
 // Copyright (C) 2013 Pavel Holoborodko <pavel@holoborodko.com>
+// Copyright (C) 2018 XNOR.AI
 //
 // This Source Code Form is subject to the terms of the Mozilla
 // Public License v. 2.0. If a copy of the MPL was not distributed
@@ -20,6 +21,10 @@
 #ifndef EIGEN_MEMORY_H
 #define EIGEN_MEMORY_H
 
+namespace xnor {
+void ReportEigenAllocationChange(std::int64_t);
+}  // namespace xnor
+
 #ifndef EIGEN_MALLOC_ALREADY_ALIGNED
 
 // Try to determine automatically if malloc is already aligned.
@@ -167,17 +172,23 @@
   if(!result && size)
     throw_std_bad_alloc();
 
+  xnor::ReportEigenAllocationChange(size);
+
   return result;
 }
 
 /** \internal Frees memory allocated with aligned_malloc. */
-EIGEN_DEVICE_FUNC inline void aligned_free(void *ptr)
+EIGEN_DEVICE_FUNC inline void aligned_free(void *ptr, std::size_t size)
 {
   #if (EIGEN_DEFAULT_ALIGN_BYTES==0) || EIGEN_MALLOC_ALREADY_ALIGNED
     std::free(ptr);
   #else
     handmade_aligned_free(ptr);
   #endif
+
+  if (ptr != nullptr) {
+    xnor::ReportEigenAllocationChange(-static_cast<int64_t>(size));
+  }
 }
 
 /**
@@ -199,6 +210,8 @@
   if (!result && new_size)
     throw_std_bad_alloc();
 
+  xnor::ReportEigenAllocationChange(static_cast<int64_t>(new_size) - static_cast<int64_t>(old_size));
+
   return result;
 }
 
@@ -221,18 +234,22 @@
   void *result = std::malloc(size);
   if(!result && size)
     throw_std_bad_alloc();
+  xnor::ReportEigenAllocationChange(size);
   return result;
 }
 
 /** \internal Frees memory allocated with conditional_aligned_malloc */
-template<bool Align> EIGEN_DEVICE_FUNC inline void conditional_aligned_free(void *ptr)
+template<bool Align> EIGEN_DEVICE_FUNC inline void conditional_aligned_free(void *ptr, std::size_t size)
 {
-  aligned_free(ptr);
+  aligned_free(ptr, size);
 }
 
-template<> EIGEN_DEVICE_FUNC inline void conditional_aligned_free<false>(void *ptr)
+template<> EIGEN_DEVICE_FUNC inline void conditional_aligned_free<false>(void *ptr, std::size_t size)
 {
   std::free(ptr);
+  if (ptr != nullptr) {
+    xnor::ReportEigenAllocationChange(-static_cast<int64_t>(size));
+  }
 }
 
 template<bool Align> inline void* conditional_aligned_realloc(void* ptr, std::size_t new_size, std::size_t old_size)
@@ -240,9 +257,13 @@
   return aligned_realloc(ptr, new_size, old_size);
 }
 
-template<> inline void* conditional_aligned_realloc<false>(void* ptr, std::size_t new_size, std::size_t)
+template<> inline void* conditional_aligned_realloc<false>(void* ptr, std::size_t new_size, std::size_t old_size)
 {
-  return std::realloc(ptr, new_size);
+  void* result = std::realloc(ptr, new_size);
+  if (result != nullptr) {
+    xnor::ReportEigenAllocationChange(static_cast<int64_t>(new_size) - static_cast<int64_t>(old_size));
+  }
+  return result;
 }
 
 /*****************************************************************************
@@ -303,7 +324,7 @@
   }
   EIGEN_CATCH(...)
   {
-    aligned_free(result);
+    aligned_free(result, sizeof(T)*size);
     EIGEN_THROW;
   }
   return result;
@@ -319,7 +340,7 @@
   }
   EIGEN_CATCH(...)
   {
-    conditional_aligned_free<Align>(result);
+    conditional_aligned_free<Align>(result, sizeof(T)*size);
     EIGEN_THROW;
   }
   return result;
@@ -331,7 +352,7 @@
 template<typename T> EIGEN_DEVICE_FUNC inline void aligned_delete(T *ptr, std::size_t size)
 {
   destruct_elements_of_array<T>(ptr, size);
-  aligned_free(ptr);
+  aligned_free(ptr, sizeof(T)*size);
 }
 
 /** \internal Deletes objects constructed with conditional_aligned_new
@@ -340,7 +361,7 @@
 template<typename T, bool Align> EIGEN_DEVICE_FUNC inline void conditional_aligned_delete(T *ptr, std::size_t size)
 {
   destruct_elements_of_array<T>(ptr, size);
-  conditional_aligned_free<Align>(ptr);
+  conditional_aligned_free<Align>(ptr, sizeof(T)*size);
 }
 
 template<typename T, bool Align> EIGEN_DEVICE_FUNC inline T* conditional_aligned_realloc_new(T* pts, std::size_t new_size, std::size_t old_size)
@@ -358,7 +379,7 @@
     }
     EIGEN_CATCH(...)
     {
-      conditional_aligned_free<Align>(result);
+      conditional_aligned_free<Align>(result, sizeof(T)*new_size);
       EIGEN_THROW;
     }
   }
@@ -380,7 +401,7 @@
     }
     EIGEN_CATCH(...)
     {
-      conditional_aligned_free<Align>(result);
+      conditional_aligned_free<Align>(result, sizeof(T)*size);
       EIGEN_THROW;
     }
   }
@@ -402,7 +423,7 @@
     }
     EIGEN_CATCH(...)
     {
-      conditional_aligned_free<Align>(result);
+      conditional_aligned_free<Align>(result, sizeof(T)*new_size);
       EIGEN_THROW;
     }
   }
@@ -413,7 +434,7 @@
 {
   if(NumTraits<T>::RequireInitialization)
     destruct_elements_of_array<T>(ptr, size);
-  conditional_aligned_free<Align>(ptr);
+  conditional_aligned_free<Align>(ptr, sizeof(T)*size);
 }
 
 /****************************************************************************/
@@ -572,7 +593,7 @@
       if(NumTraits<T>::RequireInitialization && m_ptr)
         Eigen::internal::destruct_elements_of_array<T>(m_ptr, m_size);
       if(m_deallocate)
-        Eigen::internal::aligned_free(m_ptr);
+        Eigen::internal::aligned_free(m_ptr, sizeof(T)*m_size);
     }
   protected:
     T* m_ptr;
@@ -666,10 +687,10 @@
       void *operator new[](std::size_t size) { \
         return Eigen::internal::conditional_aligned_malloc<NeedsToAlign>(size); \
       } \
-      void operator delete(void * ptr) EIGEN_NO_THROW { Eigen::internal::conditional_aligned_free<NeedsToAlign>(ptr); } \
-      void operator delete[](void * ptr) EIGEN_NO_THROW { Eigen::internal::conditional_aligned_free<NeedsToAlign>(ptr); } \
-      void operator delete(void * ptr, std::size_t /* sz */) EIGEN_NO_THROW { Eigen::internal::conditional_aligned_free<NeedsToAlign>(ptr); } \
-      void operator delete[](void * ptr, std::size_t /* sz */) EIGEN_NO_THROW { Eigen::internal::conditional_aligned_free<NeedsToAlign>(ptr); } \
+      void operator delete(void * ptr) EIGEN_NO_THROW = delete; \
+      void operator delete[](void * ptr) EIGEN_NO_THROW = delete; \
+      void operator delete(void * ptr, std::size_t size) EIGEN_NO_THROW { Eigen::internal::conditional_aligned_free<NeedsToAlign>(ptr, size); } \
+      void operator delete[](void * ptr, std::size_t size) EIGEN_NO_THROW { Eigen::internal::conditional_aligned_free<NeedsToAlign>(ptr, size); } \
       /* in-place new and delete. since (at least afaik) there is no actual   */ \
       /* memory allocated we can safely let the default implementation handle */ \
       /* this particular case. */ \
@@ -679,9 +700,7 @@
       void operator delete[](void * memory, void *ptr) EIGEN_NO_THROW { return ::operator delete[](memory,ptr); } \
       /* nothrow-new (returns zero instead of std::bad_alloc) */ \
       EIGEN_MAKE_ALIGNED_OPERATOR_NEW_NOTHROW(NeedsToAlign) \
-      void operator delete(void *ptr, const std::nothrow_t&) EIGEN_NO_THROW { \
-        Eigen::internal::conditional_aligned_free<NeedsToAlign>(ptr); \
-      } \
+      void operator delete(void *ptr, const std::nothrow_t&) EIGEN_NO_THROW = delete; \
       typedef void eigen_aligned_operator_new_marker_type;
 #else
   #define EIGEN_MAKE_ALIGNED_OPERATOR_NEW_IF(NeedsToAlign)
@@ -750,9 +769,9 @@
     return static_cast<pointer>( internal::aligned_malloc(num * sizeof(T)) );
   }
 
-  void deallocate(pointer p, size_type /*num*/)
+  void deallocate(pointer p, size_type num)
   {
-    internal::aligned_free(p);
+    internal::aligned_free(p, num * sizeof(T));
   }
 };
 

(Editorial note: Please retain the trailing whitespace within the previous
patch, including the otherwise-blank lines in the middle and at the end, as it
is required for proper application of the patch file.)

The Xnor.ai Software may include portions of Yermalayeu Ihar's SIMD library
under the following license:

/*
* Simd Library (http://ermig1979.github.io/Simd).
*
* Copyright (c) 2011-2017 Yermalayeu Ihar.
*
* Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy 
* of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
* in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
* to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell 
* copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is 
* furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:
*
* The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in 
* all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
*
* THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR 
* IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, 
* FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE 
* AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER 
* LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
* OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
* SOFTWARE.
*/

The Xnor.ai Software may include portions of the glog logging library under the
following license:

Copyright (c) 2008, Google Inc.
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met:

    * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
    * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer
in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the
distribution.
    * Neither the name of Google Inc. nor the names of its
contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from
this software without specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS
"AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR
A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT
OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,
DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY
THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

A function gettimeofday in utilities.cc (a part of glog) is based on

http://www.google.com/codesearch/p?hl=en#dR3YEbitojA/COPYING&q=GetSystemTimeAsFileTime%20license:bsd

The license of this code in utilities.cc is:

Copyright (c) 2003-2008, Jouni Malinen <j@w1.fi> and contributors
All Rights Reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met:

1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
   documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

3. Neither the name(s) of the above-listed copyright holder(s) nor the
   names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products
   derived from this software without specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS
"AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR
A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT
OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,
DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY
THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

The Xnor.ai Software may include portions of the JsonCpp JSON serialization and
deserialization library under the following license:

The JsonCpp library's source code, including accompanying documentation, 
tests and demonstration applications, are licensed under the following
conditions...

The author (Baptiste Lepilleur) explicitly disclaims copyright in all 
jurisdictions which recognize such a disclaimer. In such jurisdictions, 
this software is released into the Public Domain.

In jurisdictions which do not recognize Public Domain property (e.g. Germany as of
2010), this software is Copyright (c) 2007-2010 by Baptiste Lepilleur, and is
released under the terms of the MIT License (see below).

In jurisdictions which recognize Public Domain property, the user of this 
software may choose to accept it either as 1) Public Domain, 2) under the 
conditions of the MIT License (see below), or 3) under the terms of dual 
Public Domain/MIT License conditions described here, as they choose.

The MIT License is about as close to Public Domain as a license can get, and is
described in clear, concise terms at:

   http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MIT_License
   
The full text of the MIT License follows:

========================================================================
Copyright (c) 2007-2010 Baptiste Lepilleur

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person
obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation
files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without
restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy,
modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies
of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS
BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN
ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
========================================================================
(END LICENSE TEXT)

The MIT license is compatible with both the GPL and commercial
software, affording one all of the rights of Public Domain with the
minor nuisance of being required to keep the above copyright notice
and license text in the source code. Note also that by accepting the
Public Domain "license" you can re-license your copy using whatever
license you like.

The Xnor.ai Software may include portions of the libjpeg-turbo JPEG image
manipulation library and the Independent JPEG Group's software under the
following license:

The authors make NO WARRANTY or representation, either express or implied,
with respect to this software, its quality, accuracy, merchantability, or
fitness for a particular purpose.  This software is provided "AS IS", and you,
its user, assume the entire risk as to its quality and accuracy.

This software is copyright (C) 1991-2016, Thomas G. Lane, Guido Vollbeding.
All Rights Reserved except as specified below.

Permission is hereby granted to use, copy, modify, and distribute this
software (or portions thereof) for any purpose, without fee, subject to these
conditions:
(1) If any part of the source code for this software is distributed, then this
README file must be included, with this copyright and no-warranty notice
unaltered; and any additions, deletions, or changes to the original files
must be clearly indicated in accompanying documentation.
(2) If only executable code is distributed, then the accompanying
documentation must state that "this software is based in part on the work of
the Independent JPEG Group".
(3) Permission for use of this software is granted only if the user accepts
full responsibility for any undesirable consequences; the authors accept
NO LIABILITY for damages of any kind.

These conditions apply to any software derived from or based on the IJG code,
not just to the unmodified library.  If you use our work, you ought to
acknowledge us.

Permission is NOT granted for the use of any IJG author's name or company name
in advertising or publicity relating to this software or products derived from
it.  This software may be referred to only as "the Independent JPEG Group's
software".

We specifically permit and encourage the use of this software as the basis of
commercial products, provided that all warranty or liability claims are
assumed by the product vendor.

The Xnor.ai Software as distributed in this package includes only an executable
code version of libjpeg-turbo; hence, we note that this software is based in
part on the work of the Independent JPEG Group.

The Xnor.ai Software may include portions of the OpenBLAS linear algebra
library under the following license:

Copyright (c) 2011-2014, The OpenBLAS Project
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met:

   1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
      notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

   2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
      notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in
      the documentation and/or other materials provided with the
      distribution.
   3. Neither the name of the OpenBLAS project nor the names of 
      its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products 
      derived from this software without specific prior written 
      permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS"
AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR
SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER
CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY,
OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE
USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

The Xnor.ai Software may include portions of the Protobuf data serialization
and deserialization library, under the following license:

This license applies to all parts of Protocol Buffers except the following:

  - Atomicops support for generic gcc, located in
    src/google/protobuf/stubs/atomicops_internals_generic_gcc.h.
    This file is copyrighted by Red Hat Inc.

  - Atomicops support for AIX/POWER, located in
    src/google/protobuf/stubs/atomicops_internals_power.h.
    This file is copyrighted by Bloomberg Finance LP.

Copyright 2014, Google Inc.  All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met:

    * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
    * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer
in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the
distribution.
    * Neither the name of Google Inc. nor the names of its
contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from
this software without specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS
"AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR
A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT
OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,
DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY
THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

Code generated by the Protocol Buffer compiler is owned by the owner
of the input file used when generating it.  This code is not
standalone and requires a support library to be linked with it.  This
support library is itself covered by the above license.

The Xnor.ai Software does not include the "Atomicops support for AIX/POWER",
but may include "Atomicops support for generic gcc" under the following
license:

// Copyright 2013 Red Hat Inc.  All rights reserved.
//
// Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
// modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
// met:
//
//     * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
// notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
//     * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above
// copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer
// in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the
// distribution.
//     * Neither the name of Red Hat Inc. nor the names of its
// contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from
// this software without specific prior written permission.
//
// THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS
// "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
// LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR
// A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT
// OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
// SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
// LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,
// DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY
// THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
// (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
// OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

The Xnor.ai Software may include portions of the Python docutils documentation
manipulation library.  All included portions of the Python docutils
documentation manipulation library fall under the public domain dedication
distributed along with the library, with the exception of iepngfix.htc, which,
if included, is under the following license:

      IE5.5+ PNG Alpha Fix v1.0 by Angus Turnbull
      <http://www.twinhelix.com>.  Free usage permitted as long as
      this notice remains intact.

The Xnor.ai Software may include portions of the Pygments syntax highlighting
library under the following license:

Copyright (c) 2006-2017 by the respective authors (see AUTHORS file).
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met:

* Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
  notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

* Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
  notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
  documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS
"AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR
A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT
OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,
DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY
THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

The Xnor.ai Software may include portions of the quirc QR code recognition
library under the following license:

quirc -- QR-code recognition library
Copyright (C) 2010-2012 Daniel Beer <dlbeer@gmail.com>

Permission to use, copy, modify, and/or distribute this software for
any purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the
above copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all
copies.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND THE AUTHOR DISCLAIMS ALL
WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR
PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER
TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR
PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.

The Xnor.ai Software may include portions of the Sphinx documentation generator
under the following license:

License for Sphinx
==================

Copyright (c) 2007-2018 by the Sphinx team (see AUTHORS file).
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met:

* Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
  notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

* Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
  notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
  documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS
"AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR
A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT
HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,
DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY
THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.


Licenses for incorporated software
==================================

The included smartypants module, included as sphinx.util.smartypants,
is available under the following license:

----------------------------------------------------------------------
SmartyPants_ license::

    Copyright (c) 2003 John Gruber
    (https://daringfireball.net/projects/smartypants/)
    All rights reserved.

    Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
    modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
    are met:

    *   Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
        notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

    *   Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above
        copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
        disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
        provided with the distribution.

    *   Neither the name "SmartyPants" nor the names of its
        contributors may be used to endorse or promote products
        derived from this software without specific prior written
        permission.

    This software is provided by the copyright holders and
    contributors "as is" and any express or implied warranties,
    including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of
    merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose are
    disclaimed. In no event shall the copyright owner or contributors
    be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special,
    exemplary, or consequential damages (including, but not limited
    to, procurement of substitute goods or services; loss of use,
    data, or profits; or business interruption) however caused and on
    any theory of liability, whether in contract, strict liability, or
    tort (including negligence or otherwise) arising in any way out of
    the use of this software, even if advised of the possibility of
    such damage.


smartypants.py license::

    smartypants.py is a derivative work of SmartyPants.

    Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
    modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
    are met:

    *   Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
        notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

    *   Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above
        copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
        disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
        provided with the distribution.

    This software is provided by the copyright holders and
    contributors "as is" and any express or implied warranties,
    including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of
    merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose are
    disclaimed. In no event shall the copyright owner or contributors
    be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special,
    exemplary, or consequential damages (including, but not limited
    to, procurement of substitute goods or services; loss of use,
    data, or profits; or business interruption) however caused and on
    any theory of liability, whether in contract, strict liability, or
    tort (including negligence or otherwise) arising in any way out of
    the use of this software, even if advised of the possibility of
    such damage.
----------------------------------------------------------------------

The included JQuery JavaScript library is available under the MIT
license:

----------------------------------------------------------------------
Copyright (c) 2008 John Resig, https://jquery.com/

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
----------------------------------------------------------------------

The included Underscore JavaScript library is available under the MIT
license:

----------------------------------------------------------------------
Copyright (c) 2009 Jeremy Ashkenas, DocumentCloud

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person
obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation
files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without
restriction, including without limitation the rights to use,
copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the
Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following
conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES
OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT
HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY,
WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR
OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The included implementation of NumpyDocstring._parse_numpydoc_see_also_section
was derived from code under the following license:

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Copyright (C) 2008 Stefan van der Walt <stefan@mentat.za.net>, Pauli Virtanen <pav@iki.fi>

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met:

 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in
    the documentation and/or other materials provided with the
    distribution.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT,
INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR
SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT,
STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
